c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\KnowYourEvent.dll
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\KnowYourEvent.pdb
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\KnowYourEvent_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\obj\Debug\KnowYourEvent.g.resources
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\obj\Debug\KnowYourEvent.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\obj\Debug\KnowYourEvent.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\obj\Debug\KnowYourEvent.dll
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\obj\Debug\KnowYourEvent.pdb
c:\users\rajagopal067\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Hammock.WindowsPhone.dll
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.WindowsPhone.dll
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\TweetSharp.WindowsPhone.dll
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Hammock.WindowsPhone.pdb
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.WindowsPhone.pdb
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\TweetSharp.WindowsPhone.pdb
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\obj\Debug\KnowYourEvent.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\obj\Debug\LiveFeedPage.g.cs
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\obj\Debug\EventDetailsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Facebook.dll
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Contracts.dll
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Facebook.xml
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\obj\Debug\PivotPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\rajagopal067\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KnowYourEvent\KnowYourEvent\obj\Debug\PivotPage2.g.cs
